## Steps to setup on Windows 
#### NOTE: this is largely deprecated now as it's been ages since I've worked on Windows and I'm unsure if this will still even work with the current dot files but left it here as there shouldn't be too much work needed to revive it
1. Install ConEmu, my favourite flavour is [cmder](http://cmder.net/)
1. Pull down my ConEmu settings to give you a basic setup. You need to pull down [this xml file](https://github.com/zacbraddy/Vimispirational/blob/master/con_emu_settings.xml) and then import it into ConEmu through the import functionality available from the settings menu which you can pull up in ConEmu using the shortcut `Win+Alt+P`
1. There are some setting in the ConEMU settings which point to paths on my local machine. Most notably the background image and the path to the vim exectuable for the VIM startup task you'll need to go change them for those to work.
1. Install clink into ConEmu. Download the zip file from [here](https://mridgers.github.io/clink/) then unzip the files directly into `%cmderinstallfolder%\cmder\vendor\conemu-maximus5\ConEmu\clink`. Clink is used to give you advanced autocomplete within the command line. Nothing really to do with vim it just makes ConEmu more powerful.
1. Install the font SauceCodePro NF from [this github repo](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/tree/master/patched-fonts/SourceCodePro) I used the regular weight.
1. Install ack from the [chocolatey repo](https://chocolatey.org/packages/ack). Note this will automatically install StrawberryPerl, to test this has worked correctly run the comman `perl` in the command line. StrawberryPerl adds things to your path variable to make this possible so if running the `perl` command gives you an inoperable command error then close your command window, open a new one and try again. If that doesn't work maybe try adding the paths StrawberryPerl added to the system path to your private path? Other than that you're on your own.
1. Add my little git alias scripts to your global git config. `edit-unmerged` opens all unmerged changes in vim, helpful for when you have merge conflicts and you want to open them all to edit them. `add-unmerged` adds all the unmerged files to the staged changes for after you've done the merge. `prune-branches` deletes all local branches that no longer have a remote on the server. `prune-branches-force` does the same thing but deletes the branch even if it has unpushed changes, be careful with that second one!
1. Install flow globally with `npm i flow -g`
1. Install prettier globally `npm i prettier -g`
1. Get the latest version of [vim with python support](https://bintray.com/micbou/generic/vim#) which you'll need for the YouCompleteMe plugin to work (I'm currently running 8.1).
1. Put the symlinked vimrc in the `$VIM` directory and change the `g:pathToVimRc` so that it points to the `mydotfiles.vim` in the folder where you pulled this repo down.
1. Install [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug#installation), you only need to put the `.vim` file in the autoload folder of your vimfiles, dead simple
1. Open up vim and use the command `:PI` to install all the plugins probably best to restart VIM after that just to be sure
